1.What are new:

  (1) In HIRESW, NMMB is replaced by FV3 
     JOBS related to cloud, etop, reflect and urma are modified by changing
      model name from conusnmmb to conusfv3 
     

2. Implementatioon instruction:

 Run compilation script compile_verf_g2g_sorc.sh in /sorc
  After the compilation, all Fortran executables will be copied into /exec directory

3. Job dependencies 
 Downstream dependencies: 
   None

 Upstream depemdencies:
  GFS, NAM, RAP, HRRR, Hiresw-ARW and Hiresw-NMMB, CMAQ, HISPLT, GEFS, SREF, adn HREF
  AFWA and CLAVR cloud data in /dcom
  NDAS, GDAS, RTMA/URMA, MOSAIC, NESDIS/Smoke/Dust

  All upstream files are grib2 format files

4. Flow chart
  - Access one-day-older (previous day before today)  upstream models and anaylysis data files as listed above 
      located in either /com2 or /dcom directories 
  - Execute  the scripts and Fortran 
  - Output vsdb files and store them in /com/verf/prod/vsdb/grid2grid

5. Test plan
  There is a testing script "test_aal.sh" in /ecf directory. Run it will trigger all jobs running
  on personal account and output vsdb files into ptmp directory 

6.  Technical details
  The grid2grid verification is a part of VERF, which conducts validation of model grids against analysis grid
in either backward mode (all forecasts except for firewx) and forward mode (firewx). The is a unifed verification
system using same Fortran code (grib2 version) for all model forecasts AND ensemble forecasts. 
  There are several jobs in this grid2grid verification. The single model verification focuses on cloud, reflectivity,
echo-top, visibility, smoke, and dust, while ensemble verification on regular fields like temperature, wind and heights,
etc. In single model verification, each variable has one job card for all models, while ensemble forecast has one job
card for all variables and all ensembels. 
  The output ASCII files are VSDB partial sum recodes. One day one model has one vsdb files. In other word, one vsdb file
has multiple cycles and forecast times VSDB records. If want to see score, some other tools, like METViewer, should
be used to see scores plots.
  
